OKTA-937285 Device signal collection policies (#5535)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/device-signal-collection-policies/main/index.md

#### What you need

* [Okta Integrator Free Plan org](https://developer.okta.com/signup)
* The Device Signal Collection Policy feature enabled for your org
* A test [user account](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=ext-usgp-add-users)
* A test [group](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=usgp-groups-create) in your org that the test user is added to

---

## About device signal collection policies

Use device signal collection policies to collect contextual information about your user's [registered devices](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=csh-device-registration) and control how those registered devices are used during authentication. The device signal collection policies can collect [information](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=ext-ov-datatypes) about registered devices and the platforms that devices use. Device signal collection policies are part of your [authentication policies](/docs/concepts/policies/#authentication-policies) and they're closely related to your [device assurance policies](/docs/guides/device-assurance-policies).

You can use a device signal collection policy in the following use case, as an example.

> One of your users has a registered device with Okta Verify and another authenticator. And you have an authentication policy that requires users to have registered devices when they sign in. You can use the device signal collection policy to check for devices that are registered with Okta Verify when users sign in. And you can configure the device signal collection policy to let users sign in with their other authenticator instead of Okta Verify being used to automatically sign them in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of your users has a registered device with Okta Verify and another authenticator. And you have an authentication policy that requires users to have registered devices when they sign in to Okta. You can use the device signal collection policy to check for devices that are registered with Okta Verify when users sign in. You can also configure the device signal collection policy to let users sign in to Okta with their other authenticator instead of using Okta Verify to automatically sign them in.
```

Author: Thanks Barbara! For the last sentence, the ability to let users sign in with another authenticator is one of the key parts of the feature. So I'd prefer to word it like this: 

"You can _then_ configure the device signal collection policy to let users sign in to Okta with their other authenticator instead of using Okta Verify to automatically sign them in."

Keeping your changes but dropping the "also".

}
```

## Map the device signal collection policy to the authentication policy

You must associate device signal collection policies with authentication policies. You can do this by mapping the device signal collection policy `id` to the authentication policy `id`.

Use the [Map a resource to a policy](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/Policy/#tag/Policy/operation/mapResourceToPolicy) endpoint to map your device signal collection policy to your authentication policy.

Create your own POST request body or copy the [example request](#map-the-devie-signal-collection-policy-request-example) and input your values.

1. In the path parameters, use the device signal collection policy `id` as the `policyId`.
1. In the request body, set the following parameters:
   * Use the `id` of the authentication policy as the `resoureceId`.
   * Set the `resourceType` as `APP`.
1. Send the `POST /api/v1/policies/{policyId}/mappings` request.

### Map the devie signal collection policy request example

```json
{
  "resourceId": "{AuthenticationPolicyId}",
  "resourceType": "APP"
}
```

## Create a device signal collection policy rule

> In this example, create a rule that checks for Okta Verify registered devices when those devices are on `IOS` and `ANDROID` platforms. And allow users to choose which authenticator they want to use to sign in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, create a rule that checks for Okta Verify registered devices when those devices are on `IOS` and `ANDROID` platforms. And allow users to choose which authenticator they want to use to authenticate.
```
